FEATURE: make media browser uri path configurable (#13)
bwaidelich/Wwwision.Neos.MediaBrowserDialog: README.md

| `asset-constraints-media-types`   | Comma separated list of allowed mediaTypes (optional)                                                   | container                                                         |
| `asset-constraints-asset-sources` | Comma separated list of allowed asset sources (optional)                                                | container                                                         |
| `asset-multiple`                  | If set, multiple assets can be added (optional)                                                         | container                                                         |

> | `asset-neos-uri-path`             | Will change the uri path. I.e. necessary when working with subfolders                                   | container                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `asset-neos-uri-path`             | Can be set if the Neos routes don't reside underneath `/neos` (optional)                                | container                                                         |
```
